what it means to me about Hoover is that
we have caring loving people that our
servant leaders that go out and
influence the world and save lives we
have people that do the right thing
because it's the right thing to do even
when nobody's looking and we have
amazing people that are changing the
world every day excellence Cooper middle
school is a place where all students can
become awesome whoever moves lakhsmi you
only go through middle school once in
your life so make the most of it you get
to meet a lot of new people and learn
and find your stuff I guess it's cool
Cooper athletics concentrates on three
A's academics attitude and ability I
think of Hoover as a big family
Hoover means like a family Hoover means
total awesomeness Hoover has a lot of
great academic opportunities Hoover is
just like my home away from home my
place to make art when I can't be in my
studio I think Hoover is a community we
work together to achieve the things we
need to do Hoover students love their
phys ed PE physical education PE poise
that's cute
Hoover is a good place for learning and
education and if you want your kids to
come here I think you should have them
come here Hoover is a great school and
there's a great community hoover means
being a leader whoever it is diversity
hi my Hoover kids probably mean the
world to me I tell them that we have the
best bus of all 12 of them up here
Hulu means a good education for over 25
years I have the experience to say
Hoover is the best of the best best
school in the city best school in the
state
Hoover's great
you